hi YouTube it's WPB teacher eight again
and I have a whole free today I guess a
haul unboxing I don't know if you can
consider it a haul I think a hauls when
you buy like more than one thing so I
only bought one thing and so I'm going
to go ahead and unbox it for you guys um
this is a limited edition piece so you
might already know what it is it was in
the lookbook in January and I've been
waiting all this time to get it so I'll
go ahead and unbox it for you guys
here's the kitty
don't you chew on that for not she wants
to see what's going on so it's in the
big-box guys have seen a million times
and let's see oh it's good oh it's got
like one of these stickers on it
we salesperson usually doesn't put the
stickers yeah I guess it's to keep the
the Box closed and in the box is like
one of the collapsible boxes so alright
so okay so there's there it is in the
dust bag okay so I got it if you saw I
think it was LV lover 72 she beat me to
it this is the new limited edition V
collection which I'm a big fan of
because my last name starts with a V as
you guys know from my mom ma know my
last name starts with a V so and I love
anything pink so this is something I had
to have plus I did not have a monogram
speedy in my collection so this just
kind of fit the bill because it was
limited edition and I didn't have a
speedy and I just thought it was pretty
cool so anyways so this is the front
it's got the big V here that goes all
the way up and there's a translation for
this but of course I forgot what it was
you can look it up online but anyways so
this is the news
that has the puffier chaps here which I
don't have any like that and it's got
the double-sided tab here that and it's
thicker too so to me that was a good
improvement because I think a lot of
people were complaining that this piece
when it was just one piece it was kind
of thin and so when if you used it back
and forth it would like wrinkle or rip
there so anyways so of course the
Bichette is like white of course so
these on the front there's nothing on
the back I think some people were like
complaining that there was nothing on
the back but to me you know so that way
if you wanted to wear it I guess on that
side you could but that's the upside
downside of course so so this is the
front this one is made in France so I
think usually when they come out with a
limited edition or when at first when a
purse first comes out it's usually a
made in France if you're picky about
that I don't have to have made in France
but I guess if I have a choice I'll pick
one that's made in France but usually
the limited edition ones are made in
France anyway so this one was made in
France and it's got the like I said the
two sided zipper pull that's smooth on
the back lock is over here just your
normal lock and then the inside of
course is this was the only thing I was
kind of unsure about it's got pink on
the inside and then here's the little
bag that the lock and key comes in I the
pink on the inside is a little bit
different than the pink on the outside
so let me pull the pocket out and I'll
show you guys so that you can see this I
think you can see here a little bit in
the camera see this is this is more of a
brighter pink and this is kind of a
little bit more I guess more of a peachy
undertone and I'm kind of picky about
stuff like that I don't I like it to be
matching so it's a little bit off I
don't know is that I'm kind of on the
fence about it I mean I love the bag and
I don't
no if that's gonna bother me enough but
there is a difference there so you know
from a distance it you're not gonna be
able to tell plus the pink is on the
inside of the bag it's not like people
are gonna be looking at your bag saying
oh the the pink on the inside doesn't
match what's on the outside but I'm kind
of picky about stuff like that so I I
don't know that's the only thing I'm
kind of unsure about but anyways so it's
got the normal fabric pocket now and
then the fabric on the inside of the
pocket - used to have like a plastic
lining so anyways and then the is you
guys know the it's just a big open space
in there and then the date code is right
here which is mine is du1 one one five
and I think I've seen a quite a few that
have the same date code so I think they
just kind of made them all at the same
time in the same week cuz I've seen a
lot of people at the same day code which
is usually you know different - but
anyway so that's the it's called the V
collection speedy V collection and so I
I really like it
like I said the only thing I'm kind of
not crazy about is that the pink on the
inside doesn't match the pink on the
outside but I don't know I have to sleep
on it and see if it's gonna bother me
cuz my store only got two of these in
because I ordered one and somebody else
ordered one and so I don't know if
they're gonna get more in or not mine's
kind of a smaller store but anyway so I
just wanted to show you guys what I got
today that was it
I'm looking at maybe getting a Clemence
wallet maybe next month I only have two
wallets I'd really like one more so I'll
keep it posted on that if you guys have
any questions or comments put it below
in the comments box okay thanks for
watching